docs: add agent feedback documentation (#5337)
mintlify/docs: agent/feedback.mdx

---
title: "Agent feedback"
description: "Collect feedback from AI agents that read your documentation to identify incorrect, outdated, or confusing content."
keywords: ["agent feedback", "AI feedback", "LLM feedback", "markdown pages", "documentation quality"]
---

> When AI agents browse your documentation through [markdown pages](/ai-native), they can submit feedback about issues they encounter. This feedback appears in your dashboard alongside user feedback so you can track and resolve documentation problems reported by both humans and AI agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When AI agents browse your documentation through [Markdown pages](/ai-native#discovering), they can submit feedback about issues they encounter. This feedback appears in your dashboard alongside user feedback so you can track and resolve documentation problems reported by both humans and AI agents.
```

> ## How it works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How agent feedback works
```

A little SEO/AEO

> Your markdown pages include instructions that tell AI agents how to report issues. Agents submit feedback through a POST request with the page path and a description of the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Markdown pages include instructions that tell agents how to report issues. Agents submit feedback through a POST request with the page path and a description of the problem.
```

> Agent feedback appears in the [feedback dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/analytics/v2/feedback) with an **Agent** badge to distinguish it from human feedback. You can filter, manage, and resolve agent feedback using the same workflow as other feedback types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent feedback appears in the [feedback dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/analytics/v2/feedback) with an <Badge color="blue">Agent</Badge> badge to distinguish it from human feedback. You can filter, manage, and resolve agent feedback the same way as other feedback types.
```

> Agent feedback is enabled by default for all documentation sites. Your markdown page responses automatically include feedback instructions for AI agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent feedback is enabled by default for all documentation sites. No configuration required.
```

## View agent feedback

1. Navigate to the [feedback dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/analytics/v2/feedback) in your dashboard.
2. Select **Ratings by page** to see an overview, or **Detailed feedback** for individual submissions.

> 3. Look for the **Agent** badge to identify feedback submitted by AI agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Look for the <Badge color="blue">Agent</Badge> badge to identify feedback submitted by AI agents.
```
